[text_splitter]: Added Semantic text splitter for better performance and more option of splitter to user (#19039)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/modules/data_connection/document_transformers/index.mdx

| Code      | Code (Python, JS) specific characters |               | Splits text based on characters specific to coding languages. 15 different languages are available to choose from.                                                                      |
| Token     | Tokens                                |               | Splits text on tokens. There exist a few different ways to measure tokens.                                                                                                              |
| Character | A user defined character              |               | Splits text based on a user defined character. One of the simpler methods.                                                                                                              |

> | SemanticCharacter | Sentences                     |               | Splits text based on the Semantic character.                                                                                                              |
> | SemanticTiktoken | Sentences                      |               | Splits text based on the Semantic Token.                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Semantic Text Splitter | Sentences                     |               | Splits text based on the `semantic_text_splitter` package.                                                                                                              |
```
